Title -> AI-Powered Smart Emergency Response and Mental Wellness Support System

Run using -> npm run dev
It executes custom script mentioned in package.json named as 'dev'
and is generally used to start application in test/debug mode

The system solves two critical problems -
a.) Emergency Response Delay 
    Uses Search Algorithm [A * Search ] to solve it
b.) Mental Health Support Accessibility
    Uses Google Gemini LLM (Large Language Model)

State Space -
    Set of all possible states (situations) that a system can be in, from the initial state to the goal state.

    Components of State Space:

    a.) Initial State → Starting point
    b.) States → All possible conditions
    c.) Operators (Actions) → Moves between states
    d.) Goal State → Desired solution
    e.) Path Cost → Cost to reach goal

1.) A * Search Algorithm ->
    It is used in Emergency Response System

    A.]It is faster than BFS AND DFS as it uses heuristic function 
        f(n) = g(n) + h(n)
        a.) g(n): actual distance from start to current 'n' node
        b.) h(n): estimated distance from current 'n' node to goal node
        c.) f(n): Total distance from Starting Node to Goal Node

    B.] State Space -

        States -> Location which includes Hospital, Places A, Places B

        Initial State: User's Current location
        Goal State: Nearest Emergency Service (Hospital,Police Station)
                    using least Path Cost
        Operators: To move from one location to another
        

2.) Gemini LLM (Large Language Model) ->
    It is used in Mental Health Support System

    The API key we generated belongs to a project that only supports the newest models (like gemini-2.5-flash)

    A.] Introducion -
    LLM - They are capable of understanding, summarize, generate, and predict new content, primarily text and code
        So Gemini will process human language and understand meaning and not just keywords

    B.] State Space -
    
    States -> These are emotional conditions including Normal, Stressed, Anxious

    Initial State: User's Input (eg.- I am stressed)
    Goal State: Improved Emotional State (eg.- I am feeling better) [AI Agent will Calm and Support user]

    Operators: AI responses and suggestions to make user feel better

3.) Technical Details ->

    A.]Frontend -
        We are using Next JS which is built on react framework (uses components) to build modern web applications
        which helps to display emergency map and chatbot UI and handles user input

    B.] Backend (Server) -
        It processes logic and handles request using next.js routes

    C.] Database 
    
    Prisma -
        It is an ORM(Object Relational Mapping) Tool which acts as a bridge between 
        our application and database (SQLite)

    Note -> ORM (Object Relational Mapping) is a technique that allows us to interact with a 
            database using programming language objects instead of writing SQL queries.

            ORM converts database tables ↔ code objects

    SQLite -
        The entire database is stored in one file '.db' (dev.db file) [File Based Storage]

        NO server or installation required as SQLite runs inside our application and 
        is easily integrated with ORM 




    
        
    